README.md, before:

# Spell Perk Item Distributor

Distributes spells/perks/items/shouts/leveled-spells/packages/outfits/death-items to NPCs.
*	[SSE/AE Version](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/36869)
*	[VR Version](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/59121)

## Requirements
* [CMake](https://cmake.org/)
	* Add this to your `PATH`
* [PowerShell](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/releases/latest)
* [Vcpkg](https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg)
	* Add the environment variable `VCPKG_ROOT` with the value as the path to the folder containing vcpkg
* [Visual Studio Community 2019](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/)
	* Desktop development with C++
* [CommonLibSSE](https://github.com/powerof3/CommonLibSSE/tree/dev)
	* You need to build from the powerof3/dev branch
	* Add this as as an environment variable `CommonLibSSEPath`
* [CommonLibVR](https://github.com/alandtse/CommonLibVR/tree/vr)
	* Add this as as an environment variable `CommonLibVRPath`

## User Requirements
* [Address Library for SKSE](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/32444)
	* Needed for SSE
* [VR Address Library for SKSEVR](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/58101)
	* Needed for VR
## Register Visual Studio as a Generator
* Open `x64 Native Tools Command Prompt`
* Run `cmake`
* Close the cmd window

## Building
```
git clone https://github.com/powerof3/Spell-Perk-Item-Distributor.git
cd Spell-Perk-Item-Distributor
```
### SSE
```
cmake -B build -S .
```
Open build/po3_SpellPerkItemDistributor.sln in Visual Studio to build dll.
### VR
```
cmake -B build2 -S . -DBUILD_SKYRIMVR=On
```
Open build2/po3_SpellPerkItemDistributor.sln in Visual Studio to build dll.

## License
[MIT](LICENSE)

Commit message:

Clarify use of SPID subdirectory due to cmake

README.md, after:

# Spell Perk Item Distributor

Distributes spells/perks/items/shouts/leveled-spells/packages/outfits/death-items to NPCs.
*	[SSE/AE Version](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/36869)
*	[VR Version](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/59121)

## Requirements
* [CMake](https://cmake.org/)
	* Add this to your `PATH`
* [PowerShell](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/releases/latest)
* [Vcpkg](https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg)
	* Add the environment variable `VCPKG_ROOT` with the value as the path to the folder containing vcpkg
* [Visual Studio Community 2019](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/)
	* Desktop development with C++
* [CommonLibSSE](https://github.com/powerof3/CommonLibSSE/tree/dev)
	* You need to build from the powerof3/dev branch
	* Add this as as an environment variable `CommonLibSSEPath`
* [CommonLibVR](https://github.com/alandtse/CommonLibVR/tree/vr)
	* Add this as as an environment variable `CommonLibVRPath`

## User Requirements
* [Address Library for SKSE](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/32444)
	* Needed for SSE
* [VR Address Library for SKSEVR](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/58101)
	* Needed for VR
## Register Visual Studio as a Generator
* Open `x64 Native Tools Command Prompt`
* Run `cmake`
* Close the cmd window

## Building
```
git clone https://github.com/powerof3/Spell-Perk-Item-Distributor.git
# note need to go to SPID subdirectory due to cmake issues
cd Spell-Perk-Item-Distributor/SPID
```
### SSE
```
cmake -B build -S .
```
Open build/po3_SpellPerkItemDistributor.sln in Visual Studio to build dll.
### VR
```
cmake -B build2 -S . -DBUILD_SKYRIMVR=On
```
Open build2/po3_SpellPerkItemDistributor.sln in Visual Studio to build dll.

## License
[MIT](LICENSE)
